When you think
about the way that we are rolling out
AI in healthcare,
it's the same way we rolled out
EMRs 20 years ago.
Twenty years ago, we just let the market
do whatever it wanted, right?
Now there are 117 EMR systems
in Kentucky
and not a single one
talks to each other.
That is a real number.
And so what if we—and, and—we are facing
a healthcare crisis,
the scope of which we can't even
comprehend right now,
because of the big beautiful bill,
210,000 patients in Kentucky
are about to lose
their health insurance, right?
There are 35 hospitals that are now
under threat of closure.
If AI is going to
revolutionize healthcare,
who does it for them?
Because they could barely
keep the lights on.
So let's do it for them, right?
What if we provided healthcare AI
as a service?
One single institution—the state—
we get it together,
we do it all, right?
Every predictive model,
remote patient monitoring,
we do the whole thing.
We find all of those cancers.
We bring them in.
All of your A1Cs greater than nine
who haven't followed up
with their primary care doctor
in a year, two years—
bring them back in.
All of that health data exists
on your health information exchange.
What if we build
an intelligence layer
that sat over the top of that,
constantly crawling through that data,
looking for signals,
looking for ways to make you better?
It's the OSCE grader.
It's just got a different face.
And so this was the pitch.